{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\f0\fs24 Copyright 2017 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. All Rights Reserved. \par
\b\par
AMD RAID controller Driver distribution list\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720 Revision: \b0 8.1.0-00073\b\par
Built date: \b0 09/08/2017\b\par
Platform : \b0 Myrtle AM4, Summit AM4\b\par
OS:\b0   RedStone1 x64, Redstone2 x64\par
\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\b Driver package\par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\b0 RS1_RS2_x64\tab - Redstone1_Redstone2 x64\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
\b AMD-RAID binary file name:\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080\b0 -\tab rcraid.cat, rcraid.inf, rcraid.sys\par
-\tab rccfg.cat, rccfg.inf, rccfg.sys\par
-\tab rcbottom.cat, rcbottom.inf, rcbottom.sys\par
-\tab WdfCoInstaller01011.dll\par

\pard\widctlpar\li1080\par

\pard\widctlpar\b Here are the valid configurations:\b0\par
\trowd\trgaph30\trleft1410\trrh490\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2893\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx5064\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx6528 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf1\ul\fs22 SATA on SOC\cell SATA on Promontory\cell RAID Support\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft1410\trrh270\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2893\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx5064\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx6528 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qc\ulnone Disabled\cell Disabled\cell No\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft1410\trrh300\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2893\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx5064\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx6528 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qc Disabled\cell RAID\cell Invalid\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft1410\trrh290\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2893\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx5064\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx6528 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qc RAID\cell Disabled\cell Yes\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft1410\trrh300\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx2893\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx5064\clbrdrl\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw30\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx6528 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qc RAID\cell RAID\cell Yes\cell\row 
\pard\widctlpar\cf0\b\fs24\par
Known issues\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0 -\tab Hibernation latency observed when array is critical\par
-\tab Observing installation latency for RAID1 array configured with Gen2 HDD's \par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\par

\pard\widctlpar\b Revision History\par
\par
\b0 8.1.0.00073\par
\tab -    Fix hibernation issue with verifier enabled\par
\tab -    Fix SSD media type \par
\b\par
\b0 8.1.0.00072\par
\tab -    Fix Crashdump hibernation issue\par
\b\par
\b0 8.1.0.00071\par
\tab -    Fix for Multiphase Resume WHQL test\par
\b\par
\b0 8.1.0.00058\par
\tab -    Redstone2 certification\par
\b\par
\b0 8.1.0.00056\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab Update Copyright year to 2017\par
-\tab Unable to create the dump file during WHQL crashdump test\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
8.1.0.00026\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab Hardware name Change to AMD-RAID for vstor device instead of AHCI_IBEX_3B25\par

\pard\widctlpar\b\par
\b0 8.1.0.00022\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab HLK RS1 #14332 | Flush test fails when SUT connected through a power cycler \par
-\tab Fix S4 hang/BSOD with Redstone Build 14383\par

\pard\widctlpar\b\par
\b0 8.1.0.00003\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -    Summit PCI RAID Device ID support\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\b0\par
8.0.0-00078 \par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab Fix Storage imports test for Windows 10\par

\pard\widctlpar\li1080\par

\pard\widctlpar 8.0.0-00076 \par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab Fix W7 to W10 upgrade issue. Change rcbottom device class to SCSIAdapter\par

\pard\widctlpar\li1080\par

\pard\widctlpar 8.0.0-00068 \par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab unable to initiate an Srb in startIo, due to the srb being submitted to Path/Target ID that does not exist for the given controler(deviceExtension) return FALSE for both Master and Secondary controller. \par
-\tab Fix Device Driver INF test failure and resolve the warnings in rccfg.inf\par
-\tab\par

\pard\widctlpar 8.0.0-00059 \par

\pard\widctlpar\li1080 Check if the controller is already stopped before getting the spinlock.\par
Remove support for non 7905/promontory support\par
Disable dipm for promontory\par
Remove all IDs from rcbottom INF file other than promontory and 7905\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar 8.0.0-00042 \par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab Update Copyright Date and Change Company Name to Seagate\par
-\tab Fix issue causing SDK module build to fail and thus upgrade/install script failure. MSG: No bug: Fix issue with UEFI Stop() when controller spanning. Stop() removes BlockIo devices but only on one controller. Issue with orphaning ""devices"" when spanned controllers present. Attach all BlockIo\par
-\tab fix licensing/scratch register by removing RC_FTRM_PORTMULT_DISABLE. Remove controller count in UEFI from scratch register. Properly shift value in UEFI.\par
-\tab UEFI - fix issue with pulling 1st drive causing array to go Offline\par
-\tab RC-8 - UEFI default cache value is NC, should be RW\par
-\tab RC-8 UEFI when creating a redundant array using last disk first, create fails\par

\pard\widctlpar\li1080\par

\pard\widctlpar 8.0.0-00028 \par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab Resolve issues in UEFI detecting & displaying HDD's reporting SMART errors\par
-\tab Fix HLK Hibernate related test failures. System BSODs with 0xC4 and 0xC2 on spin lock functions during hibernation\par
-\tab Disable PortMux support\par
-\tab Unable to install win10 using DVD attached to promontory controller.\par
-\tab Widows 7 x64 installation doesn't list all of the PDs that are connected, only the first two\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
8.0.0-00022\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab add GTF and Sanitize Freezelock support.\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
8.0.0-00019\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li1080 -\tab Update copyright date to 2016\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
8.0.0-00015\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li720 -\tab implement support for passing LL info from rcbottom to rcraid\par
-\tab Fix PNP Surprise Remove Device Test hang with 2 controllers\par

\pard\widctlpar\par
8.0.0-00001\par

\pard\widctlpar\fi-360\li720 -\tab setup RC-800 initial drop\par
}
 